Network from male to female.
Others, this answer,
Listen to my parents, it’s been a long time,
Listen, listen, listen, don't think I can listen to it myself,
Here he comes.
I can only be obsessed with my dad,
But I really don’t know how to kill me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Little Mao Ze not only revealed that he is not afraid of resistance
What about your floor?
Forget about being trapped in your building
Are you talking about my dad’s anti-grey head treatment? No, no, no.
I really don't know where he is
I was waiting for your money to save me on the edge of the sky, but I didn’t have the chance to be you